>> Scott Moss: So some of the other
cool stuff I wanted to talk about,
definitely gotta give a shout out
to some of my favorite tools.
Prisma, highly recommend
checking them out.
So if you've ever heard of a company
called Graphcool, they pivoted to this.
Basically what they do is if
you give them a database,
they will create a GraphQL server for you,
with TypeScript bindings and everything.
I mean, they basically
create you a GraphQL server.
It's pretty legit, so
I highly recommend checking them out.
They're adding new different
databases all the time.
Yeah, it's basically trying to
replace ORMs, like Mongoose, so
you can just query everything
with GraphQL instead.
So it's pretty cool.
I've used it before,
it's a really nice product.
So that one's good.
Another one is Hasura,
which is very similar to Prisma.
Yeah, it's very similar to Prisma, as in
you give them a Postgres database, and
they just spin up a RESTful GraphQL API,
complete with searching, and filtering,
and querying, and everything.
They'll even deploy it for you.
And it has realtime as well,
so they have sockets.
This one's really cool, too.
I know the founders of both of
these companies, they're really,
really good people.
This one's also open source, for sure.
I think Prisma is also
open source as well.
So they're both really good to
contribute to, both really good teams.
Another product that's really
cool is GraphQL-Anywhere.
>> Scott Moss: It got moved
to the public client.
I see, okay, yeah.
So basically, GraphQL-Anywhere basically
allows you to run GraphQL anywhere.
So you can just run GraphQL
literally anywhere you wanna run it.
I run it on a client sometimes to do, like
I keep saying, making CSS, querying a DOM.
You can do whatever you want
because you can run it anywhere.
You don't need a database or
anything like that.
You could literally run GraphQL
against anything anywhere.
Is it a good idea to do that?
No, probably not.
But it basically allows you to
tie into GraphQL's query language
to resolve whatever you want, right?
You can resolve, like I said,
there's querying a DOM,
you can resolve to spitting out SAS,
you can resolve to making animations.
I wouldn't be surprised if I googled
GraphQL animations, they would be a thing.
>> Scott Moss: Maybe not,
maybe somebody needs you to make that.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Not yet.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, not yet,
they're not there yet.
But yeah, so
GraphQL allows you to do that, or
GraphQL-Anywhere allows you to do that.
Other cool stuff is,
>> Scott Moss: GraphQL CLI.
>> Scott Moss: Which is exactly what
it sounds like, it's a CLI for GraphQL.
And it just helps you get started,
create schemas,
launches that playground
that we used today.
All types of GraphQL-related things.
So check it out, it's really cool.
And then the last thing is,
>> Scott Moss: That's it.
I already showed you GraphQL playground.
Yeah, that's the only cool
stuff I can think of.
>> Speaker 2: The last thing is Tipe.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, yeah, so yeah.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, my company.
Yeah, so Tipe, basically, I've been
working on Tipe for about a year, me and
my two cofounders.
And basically what we're doing is
we're trying to be the next content
management system out there.
So you've got the WordPresses
of the world.
What we're doing is we'll allow
you to create a schema file,
whether it's in GraphQL, TypeScript,
JavaScript, doesn't matter.
You create a file on your project, you
send one command with a CLI up to us, and
we generate a dashboard,
a API, and a schema.
And basically what we do is we allow
you to give that dashboard to your
non-technical people on your team so
they can manage content on their own.
So they can change images, links, copy,
anything that's content on your website,
or any app that you have.
They can change it with a generated
dashboard that's based on the rules, and
types, and schemas that you created.
And then that's it, and
then they can change it on the fly,
you integrate it once, and you're done.
So that's basically what we do.
So we're pushing for that, we're
releasing our next version really soon.
You can watch the video if you'd like to.
Sign up for beta, just put your
email address in there and sign up.
We've got a long list.
And, yeah, we use GraphQL,
we also use REST.
We also do a whole bunch
of other crazy stuff.
So yeah, that's Tipe.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Scott Moss: Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: [APPLAUSE]